Please write me a cover letter. I will give you my resume, my cover letter template and the job description.

Please only use technical skills that are on my resume, but feel free to change the soft skills to match those in the job description. 

It is important that you fill in today's data and ensure that the cover letter is ready to send, meaning there shouldn't be any inputs that the user has to fill in.

Please address the letter as Dear Hiring Manager, and end it with Sincerely, Declan Javers. Please do not include a title, the output should start with the greeting.

Under no circumstances should you leave any fields for me to fill in.





Here is my resume:									

Declan Javers					
301-642-3823 | declanjavers@gmail.com | 814 Parker Street, Boston, MA LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/declan-javers | Website: declanjavers.com Availability: July – December 2024					
Education					
Northeastern University, Boston, Massachusetts Khoury College of Computer Sciences
 Candidate for Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Honors: GPA 3.23/4.0			
						
September 2022 – Present Expected Graduation: May 2026
					
				
				
					
						
Relevant Courses: Object-Oriented Design, Algorithms and Data, Fundamentals of Computer Science 1 & 2, Foundations of
						
Cybersecurity, Foundations of Data Science, Discrete Structures
						
Walt Whitman High School, Bethesda, Maryland Graduated June 2022
						
GPA: 4.44/5.0
 Activities: Co-Founder of Whitman Cleanup Coalition, Member of Whitman Navigators Club, Varsity Soccer, Baltimore Celtic Club Soccer
						
Computer Knowledge
 Programming Languages: Java, Python, HTML, CSS
						
Operating Systems: Windows, MacOS, Linux Projects
						
Reversi, Java, Object-Oriented Design
						
							 								
Developed a Java program for the game Reversi, a two-player strategy board game.
 							
							 								
Leveraged object-oriented programming and modular architecture to allow for both hexagonal and square board options.
 							
							 								
Designed decorator, controller, and listener patterns as well as mutable interfaces to efficiently run the game.
 							
							 								
Ensured high quality code development through writing technical documentation and running comprehensive testing.
 								
Soccer Player Valuation Predictive Model, Python October - December 2023
 							
						 						
							 								
Configured multiple Python machine learning models to predict the transfer value of European soccer players.
 							
							 								
Performed data ingestion of player data from Kaggle, performed Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) to understand statistical data
 								
distributions and identify potential features for model training.
 							
							 								
Employed Pandas, NumPy, Seaborn, and Scikit-Learn for data analysis, data visualization, and machine learning modeling.
 								
Personal Website, HTML, CSS June - July 2023
 							
						 						
							 								
Curated a professional website to showcase my creative projects and personal skills.
 							
							 								
Implemented features such as responsive design, navigation menu, and pop-out menus.
 							
							 								
Maintained the website using Git, developing my technical skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
 								
Experience
 								
Bradley Hills Nursery School Camp Counselor, Bethesda, Maryland May - June 2023, May – June 2024
 							
						 						
							 								
Implemented engaging camp activities for nursey school students, fostering creative and problem-solving skills.
 							
							 								
Maintained an organized learning environment, leading to a positive and productive atmosphere.
 								
Delta Kappa Epsilon Executive Board, Boston, Massachusetts May 2023 – May 2024
 							
						 						
							 								
Elected Secretary: Coordinated fraternity events, managed the online schedule, and promoted collaboration and productive
 								
communication among members.
 							
							 								
Elected VP of Health and Safety: Spearheaded the development of comprehensive risk management protocols, educated
 							
						 					
				
				 				 				 				
					
						
members on safety procedures and fostered a culture of awareness and responsibility. Aramark Barista, Bethesda, Maryland
						
							 								
Provided customer service by taking and preparing customer orders.
 							
							 								
Maintained Aramark café machines, ensuring optimal functionality and cleanliness. Teacher's Assistant, Bethesda, Maryland
 							
						 						
							 								
Supported student learning by graded papers and answering student questions.
 							
							 								
Enhanced classroom curriculum by developing engaging labs. Bethesda Soccer Club Camp Counselor, Bethesda, Maryland
 							
						 					
				
				
					
						
							 								
Directed and supervised a group of campers in activities fostering teamwork and sportsmanship.
 							
							 								
Ensured a safe and organized camp environment by setting up and taking down camp equipment.
 							
						 					
				
				
					
						
October - December 2023
					
				
				
					
						
June 2022 – August 2022
						
September 2021 – June 2022
						
June - August 2020, June - August 2021 
					
				
			
		


Here is my template:
						
I am writing to express my excitement at the opportunity to apply for [position] at [company], which I found on NU Works. I am a computer science student at Northeastern University and I am eager to gain experience in [field].					
As a second-year computer science student at Northeastern, I have a solid foundation in topics such as algorithms and data structures, object-oriented design, cybersecurity, data science, and discrete structures. Of these, I enjoyed [class relating to position], which introduced me to the world of [field]. In particular, I most benefited from learning about... Following my introduction to the field, I completed a [project], explain the project and skills used...					
Drawing from my experiences as a barista, camp counselor, and leadership involvement within my fraternity, I have noticed the importance of relationship-building and collaboration. I have learned to love the team-based approach to these positions, and they have greatly strengthened my teamwork skills. I am seeking to further develop my communication, leadership, and collaboration skills by working for a company that prioritizes good working relationships and values contributions from each team member toward achieving common goals.					
I am greatly excited at the prospect of joining [company name], and am eager to bring my skills to the team. Thank you for your time and consideration of my application, and I look forward to hearing from you soon.				
Sincerely, Declan Javers 
					
				
			
		

